Commercial License
====================================================

About Confluent Verified Connectors
 Confluent Verified Connectors are developed by Confluent’s partners and developer community. These connectors have been reviewed, Tested and Verified by Confluent. To purchase the AS/400 Connector or to receive assistance or support for it, please contact Infoview Systems directly at +1-734.293.2160 or sales@infoviewsystems.com. Confluent disclaims any support obligation for Confluent Verified Connectors.  By installing this connector, you consent to Confluent sharing your contact information with the developer of this connector so that you can receive more information about it directly from the developer.

READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING ON THE "I Agree" BUTTON OR INSTALLING OR USING ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN NEGOTIATED AGREEMENT SIGNED BY YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, CLICK "I Do Not Agree". YOU WILL NOT BE GIVEN ACCESS TO THE SOFTWARE UNLESS YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU HAVE PAID A LICENSE FEE FOR USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY RETURN THE SOFTWARE FOR A FULL REFUND PROVIDED YOU (A) DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE AND (B) RETURN THE SOFTWARE WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS OF YOUR INITIAL PURCHASE. IF YOU WISH TO USE THE SOFTWARE AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONTRACTOR, OR AGENT OF A CORPORATION, PARTNERSHIP OR SIMILAR ENTITY, THEN YOU MUST BE AUTHORIZED TO SIGN FOR AND BIND THE ENTITY IN ORDER TO ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE LICENSES GRANTED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON ACCEPTANCE BY SUCH AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL. IF YOU HAVE ENTERED INTO A SEPARATE WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH INFOVIEW SYSTEMS FOR USE OF THE SOFTWARE, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH OTHER AGREEMENT SHALL PREVAIL OVER ANY CONFLICTING TERMS OR CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT.

This Software License Agreement ("Agreement") is between Infoview Systems, Inc., located at 9424 Newburgh Road, Livonia, MI 48150 ("Infoview") and the customer (individual or entity) that has procured the licensed Software (as defined below) for use as an end user ("you").  

1.	Definitions.
a.	“Documentation” means any supporting technical documentation provided with the Software.
b.	“Effective Date” means the date on which the Software is first made available to you.
c.	“Software” means the Infoview software product(s) provided in connection with this Agreement in object code form. Unless otherwise noted, the Software and Documentation are referred to collectively herein as "Software".
d.	"Intellectual Property" means any and all now known or hereafter known tangible and intangible
i.	rights associated with works of authorship throughout the universe, including, but not limited to, copyrights, moral rights, and mask-works,
ii.	trademark and trade name rights and similar rights,
iii.	trade secret rights,
iv.	patents, designs, algorithms and other industrial property rights,
v.	all other intellectual and industrial property rights (of every kind and nature throughout the universe and however designated) (including logos, "rental" rights and rights to remuneration), whether arising by operation of  law, contract, license, or otherwise, and
vi.	all registrations, initial applications, renewals, extensions, continuations, divisions or reissues now or later in force.
e.	"Third Party Software" means any software, application, script or code not owned by Infoview or you.
2.	License.
a.	Grant of License.  Subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Infoview grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the Software internally to run on Confluent Kafka Ecosystem. 
b.	Installation and Copies. Infoview shall make the Software and Documentation available for download in electronic form.  You may also make one copy of the Software solely for back-up purposes. All other copying is prohibited.
c.	License Restrictions.  You shall not:
i.	copy the Software or any portion thereof, except for the one permitted backup copy;
ii.	distribute, sell, rent, lease, sublicense or transfer any copies of the Software, or portions thereof, to a third party or allow a third party to use the Software;
iii.	modify, decompile, disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer the Software or attempt to reconstruct or discover any source code, underlying ideas, algorithms, file formats or programming interfaces of the Software by any means whatsoever if the Software to the extent the Software is not provided in source code form (except and only to the extent that applicable law prohibits or restricts reverse engineering restrictions);
iv.	use the Software to develop services or products for sale or include any components of the Software in any product;
v.	use any portion of the Software to create a competitive service, product or technology;
vi.	make the functionality of the Software available to the public in any manner;
vii.	remove any product identification, proprietary, copyright or other notices contained in the Software; or
viii.	publicly disseminate performance information or analysis (including, without limitation, benchmarks) from any source relating to the Software.
d.	Intellectual Property Rights.  You acknowledge that Infoview retains exclusive ownership of all copyrights, trademarks, patents and/or other intellectual property rights in the Software and the Documentation.  You are not granted any rights in the Software or Documentation other than the license rights expressly set forth above.  
3.	Ownership.  
a.	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, except for the limited license rights expressly provided herein, Infoview and its suppliers have and will retain all rights, title and interest (including, without limitation, all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property rights) in and to the Software and all copies, modifications and derivative works thereof. You acknowledge that you are obtaining only a limited license right to the Software and that irrespective of any use of the words "purchase", "sale" or like terms hereunder no ownership rights are being conveyed to you under this Agreement or otherwise.
4.	Payment.
a.	If any fees are so indicated, you shall pay all such fees in U.S. Dollars. If Infoview will be invoicing you for payment, all payments shall be made within thirty (30) days of your receipt of the applicable invoice, unless otherwise specified in writing by Infoview. Except as expressly set forth herein, all fees are non-refundable once paid. You shall be responsible for all taxes, withholdings, duties and levies arising from your use of the Software (if any), excluding taxes based on the net income of Infoview. Any late payments shall be subject to a service charge equal to 1.5% per month of the amount due or the maximum amount allowed by law, whichever is less.
5.	Term of Agreement.
a.	Term.  This Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date and is perpetual, with no expiration date (the "Term"). Infoview may terminate this Agreement and seek injunctive relief immediately upon any breach by you. In addition, either party may terminate this Agreement if the other party:
i.	ceases operation without a successor; or
ii.	seeks protection under any bankruptcy, receivership, trust deed, creditors arrangement, composition or comparable proceeding, or if any such proceeding is instituted against such party (and not dismissed within sixty (60) days)). Termination is not an exclusive remedy and the exercise by either party of any remedy under this Agreement will be without prejudice to any other remedies it may have under this Agreement, by law, or otherwise.
b.	Termination.  Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, you shall cease any and all use of any Software and destroy (or permanently erase) all copies thereof (including the backup copy, if made).
c.	No Obligation to Enter Into Further Agreement.  No Obligation to Enter Into Further Agreement. Nothing herein obligates either party to enter into any further agreement with the other party.
d.	Survival. Sections 2c (License Restrictions), 3 (Ownership), 4 (Payment), 5 (Term of Agreement), 6 (No Warranty), 7 (Limitation of Remedies and Damages), 8 (Confidential Information), 9 (Export Compliance) and 10 (General) shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

6.	No Warranty.

THE SOFTWARE AND ALL SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU MAY HAVE OTHER STATUTORY RIGHTS; HOWEVER, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE DURATION OF STATUTORILY REQUIRED WARRANTIES, IF ANY, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

7.	Limitation of Remedies and Damages.

IN NO EVENT SHALL INFOVIEW BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOST DATA, FAILURE OF SECURITY MECHANISMS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, INFOVIEW'S ENTIRE LIABILITY TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (I) THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO INFOVIEW UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR (II) $10,000.

The parties agree that the limitations specified in this Section 7 will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in this Agreement is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

8.	Confidential Information.
a.	Any software, documentation or technical information provided by Infoview (or its agents) shall be deemed "Infoview Confidential Information" without any marking or further designation. Except as expressly authorized herein, you will hold in confidence and not use or disclose any Infoview Confidential Information. You acknowledge that disclosure of Infoview Confidential Information would cause substantial harm to Infoview that could not be remedied by the payment of damages alone and therefore that upon any such disclosure by you, Infoview shall be entitled to appropriate equitable relief in addition to whatever remedies it might have at law.

9.	Export Compliance.
a.	You acknowledge that the Software is subject to export restrictions by the United States government and import restrictions by certain foreign governments. You shall not, and shall not allow any third-party to, remove or export from the United States or allow the export or re-export of any part of the Software or any direct product thereof:
i.	into (or to a national or resident of) any embargoed or terrorist-supporting country;
ii.	to anyone on the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders or U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals;
iii.	to any country to which such export or re-export is restricted or prohibited, or as to which the United States government or any agency thereof requires an export license or other governmental approval at the time of export or re-export without first obtaining such license or approval; or (iv) otherwise in violation of any export or import restrictions, laws or regulations of any United States or foreign agency or authority. You agree to the foregoing and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such prohibited country or on any such prohibited party list. The Software is further restricted from being used for the design or development of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons or missile technology, or for terrorist activity, without the prior permission of the United States government.

10.	General.
a.	Assignment.  This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each party's permitted successors and assigns. Infoview may assign this Agreement to any affiliate or in connection with a merger, reorganization, acquisition or other transfer of all or substantially all of Infoview's assets or voting securities. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, without Infoview's written consent. Any attempt to transfer or assign this Agreement without such written consent will be null and void.
b.	Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement shall be adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in effect.
c.	Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue.  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Michigan and the United States without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof, and without regard to the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods. The jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the Michigan state and United States federal courts located in the State of Michigan, and both parties hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.
d.	Attorneys' Fees and Costs.  The prevailing party in any action to enforce this Agreement will be entitled to recover its attorneys' fees and costs in connection with such action.
e.	Notices and Reports.  Any notice or report hereunder shall be in writing. If to Infoview, such notice or report shall be sent to Infoview at the address above to the attention of "Legal Department". If to you, such notice or report shall be sent to the address you provided prior to downloading the Software. Notices and reports shall be deemed given:
i.	upon receipt if by personal delivery;
ii.	upon receipt if sent by certified or registered U.S. mail (return receipt requested); or
iii.	one day after it is sent if by next day delivery by a major commercial delivery service.  
f.	Amendments; Waivers.  No supplement, modification, or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding, unless executed in writing by a duly authorized representative of each party to this Agreement. No waiver will be implied from conduct or failure to enforce or exercise rights under this Agreement, nor will any waiver be effective unless in a writing signed by a duly authorized representative on behalf of the party claimed to have waived.
g.	Entire Agreement.  This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements and communications relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. No provision of any purchase order or in any other business form employed by you will supersede the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and any such document issued by a party hereto relating to this Agreement shall be for administrative purposes only and shall have no legal effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have entered into a separate written license agreement signed by Infoview for use of the Software, the terms and conditions of such other agreement shall prevail over any conflicting terms or conditions in this Agreement.
h.	Independent Contractors.  The parties to this Agreement are independent contractors. There is no relationship of partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise or agency created hereby between the parties. Neither party will have the power to bind the other or incur obligations on the other party's behalf without the other party's prior written consent.
i.	Force Majeure.  Neither party shall be liable to the other for any delay or failure to perform any obligation under this Agreement (except for a failure to pay fees) if the delay or failure is due to unforeseen events, which occur after the signing of this Agreement and which are beyond the reasonable control of the parties, such as strikes, blockade, war, terrorism, riots, natural disasters, refusal of license by the government or other governmental agencies, in so far as such an event prevents or delays the affected party from fulfilling its obligations and such party is not able to prevent or remove the force majeure at reasonable cost.
j.	Government End-Users.  The Software is commercial computer software. If the user or licensee of the Software is an agency, department, or other entity of the United States Government, the use, duplication, reproduction, release, modification, disclosure, or transfer of the Software, or any related documentation of any kind, including technical data and manuals, is restricted by a license agreement or by the terms of this Agreement in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation 12.212 for civilian purposes and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement 227.7202 for military purposes. The Software was developed fully at private expense. All other use is prohibited.
k.	Third-Party Software.  If designated in the Documentation, the Software may contain or be provided with certain third-party software (including code which may be made available to you in source code form). Ownership, use, warranty and modification rights with respect to any such designated software shall be as expressly set forth in the Documentation.


BY CLICKING ON THE "I Agree" BUTTON OR INSTALLING OR USING ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN NEGOTIATED AGREEMENT SIGNED BY YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, CLICK "I Do Not Agree". YOU WILL NOT BE GIVEN ACCESS TO THE SOFTWARE UNLESS YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU HAVE PAID A LICENSE FEE FOR USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY RETURN THE SOFTWARE FOR A FULL REFUND PROVIDED YOU (A) DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE AND (B) RETURN THE SOFTWARE WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS OF YOUR INITIAL PURCHASE. IF YOU WISH TO USE THE SOFTWARE AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONTRACTOR, OR AGENT OF A CORPORATION, PARTNERSHIP OR SIMILAR ENTITY, THEN YOU MUST BE AUTHORIZED TO SIGN FOR AND BIND THE ENTITY IN ORDER TO ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE LICENSES GRANTED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON ACCEPTANCE BY SUCH AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL. IF YOU HAVE ENTERED INTO A SEPARATE WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH VENDOR FOR USE OF THE SOFTWARE, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH OTHER AGREEMENT SHALL PREVAIL OVER ANY CONFLICTING TERMS OR CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT.
